# SURFERS-Description

P2E Runner - Surfers, where users can farm Ton points and convert them in $SURFERS.
The game has a simple and unique token mining mechanics, users need to avoid character collision with trains and collect TON Points. Our team focuses on virality, implementation of simple and convenient mechanics to make the game process more convenient and attractive.
There will be 2 championships in the game - World Tour (Country Travel) and Global Tourne. World Tour is a mode with a change of in-game maps every season, one season is two weeks. The main task of players is to take the first place in the leaderboard (run the greatest distance) until the end of the season, the winner gets the prize money in the form of cryptocurrency TON.
Global Tourne - Championship, where everyone can participate by paying for admission to the tournament using $SURFERS tokens (game balances, in order to reduce the number of tokens), the tournament lasts a month (Start - October, end - November) semifinals and finals will be held on the live broadcast of the official YouTube channel of the project $SURFERS with commentators. Finalists and semi-finalists receive NFT in a single copy (each player has his own exclusive NFT). The championships will increase the competitive spirit among players and encourage creators of other projects to create projects with competitive elements. Also, users will be able to exchange their tokens for vouchers and sell them on the SURFERS pre-market using the corresponding collection on Getgems. Users will also be able to mint NFTs with in-game characters (the number of NFTs received depends on the number of characters purchased by the player).  Game link - @Subway_Surfers_token_bot, only WebApp works, bot in development.
Our competitors are P2E projects with similar token mining mechanics, there are no such projects on the current market, our solution will be the first
